Mixpanel requirement on sending anonymousID in UUID V4 format. (#4533)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-mixpanel/index.md

{% endcapture %}

{% include components/actions-fields.html content1=track_purchase_details section1="trackPurchase" content2=group_identify_user_details section2="groupIdentifyUser" content3=identify_user_details section3="identifyUser" %}

> > info ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info "Anonymous ID format"
```

> > [Mixpanel](https://developer.mixpanel.com/reference/create-identity#create-identity) does have a specific requirement for the anonymousId. Using Analytics.js library to generate anonymousIds, there should not be a problem once identifying a user with a userId. And if the anonymousIds are manually assigned then it should be sent with UUID v4 format. All Segment assigned anonymousIds are in UUID V4 format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Mixpanel](https://developer.mixpanel.com/reference/create-identity#create-identity){:target="_blank"} requires that values it receives for the anonymous identifier (`anonymousId` in Segment) must be in the UUID v4 format. Analytics.js sends `anonymousId` in this format by default. If you manually send anonymous identifiers to Mixpanel, ensure they are in the correct format.
```
